You mean Chu Chen is not a dragon
That's not possible.
Marquis Qing personally proved it for him that day
Acting, this Chu Chen really made a contribution in Beijing
With a little skill
So he doesn't care about Marquis Qing Long Ying
It's just that they all cooperate with his acting version
That makes sense, but what if he's so handsome?
What's the matter?
The last gift was a piece of money.
Seoul International Investment Conference
This admissions conference
But the largest in recent years
There will also be international referees
I didn't expect me, Feng Jiaying
Affected by such an important plot
Now you should believe it
If the assets of our Feng family
It's really all taken to heavy industry.
This chamber of commerce
How could it be possible to put such an important economy
Send it to us.
Right, so to speak
Lu Cheng is not rich and handsome at all
I was deceived by him again
Wanda of Lu Bu
People will arrive at Haizhao in person three days later
Host this investment promotion conference
Our Feng family and Wanda people are old friends
There are adults
This time, my Feng family
It will definitely win the jackpot of the investment promotion conference
It's about to take off.
Hahahaha
It's really hard work
After the investment promotion conference
I must make you pay